Introducing the eks_fargate check (#5417)
DataDog/integrations-core: eks_fargate/README.md

# Agent Check: eks_fargate

## Overview

This check monitors [eks_fargate][1] through the Datadog Agent.

## Setup

### Installation

The eks_fargate check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

Given the nature of AWS EKS Fargate, this check will only run in containerized infrstructures.

> To enable it, use the environment variable `DD_EKS_FARGATE=true` in the manifest to deploy your Datadog Agent side care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable it, use the environment variable `DD_EKS_FARGATE=true` in the manifest to deploy your Datadog Agent sidecar.
```

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][4] and look for `eks_fargate` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> The eks_fargate check submits a heartbeat metric `eks.fargate.pod.running` that is tagged by `pod_name` and `virtual_node` so you can keep track of how many pods are running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The eks_fargate check submits a heartbeat metric `eks.fargate.pods.running` that is tagged by `pod_name` and `virtual_node` so you can keep track of how many pods are running.
```
